hello to all quiet and welcome guys
another video the top five where I do
the English city because you speak English
a really cool and important thing
I do this for the simple fact that
I love the commercials as I speak
simply in English language but
back to serious things welcome to
another top five here on the polygon channel
of the zeta walkthrough where we can
see a headphone if a headphone is in the headphones
a headphones a pair of headphones
annoying that I always carry
behind
Today we are here because we will stay here
with two top five because I wrote others
two new top five to bring you then
where then between a secret thing
here are the balls there are the leaks
eagle for the two top five so me
you will see dressed differently both in
this one in the next outlet instead
fact that I will make two in a row and notice
let's talk about it right away with i
best games g.br
the top five of the five best games
by dr
in fifth place we find skyrim mi
it seemed obvious and logical to put
skyrim as a very, very nice game
as gdr because obviously I would have put it
it is not in the first positions because yes me
liked it I loved it
in fact work put in the top five gods
best games of 2012 but it's not me
had taken so much as a gdr game
in short, however, it deserves the position that
then he has the number 4 the witcher 2 sebini
he hasn't played where I put this is
that I also want to buy it because
it looks pretty nice to me as a game
I can absolutely say that based on
what I saw reviews of the video
gameplay
it's really a good game maybe it wo n't be
just the maximum playability or
maybe even some fun
people don't consider it that or
consider it as a sky ring
wrong in my opinion still remains
beautiful game that deserves
very much at position 4 of this top
five is a simple thing
start his position number 3 and kingdom
kingdom of amalur reckoning if you
put together skyrim with a view
only in the third person a graphic one
little bit more ska cardboard you will have
kingdom of amalur reckoning obviously
I ca n't compare it with a bar
because I don't know Italian well enough to how much
it seems I prefer English to Italian
apparently it was one of the best
games that I really enjoyed
to buy I bought it on origin
however we say that they have all been worth
those 10 euros I spent because it was
also on offer therefore deserves
very much like a place for graphics
playability and all because it is
It was really a very nice thing
as a game also some special skills
they really take so much
therefore it deserves the position also
this that at position number 2
mass effect 3 after playing for
about 25 hours after it is finished
restarted and finished and trying to
complete a little all the missions I can
say that it was really one of the
best gdr games I ever have
tried though it's full of bugs
in textures and everything because of them
I noticed I saw them I wanted to film them
also but it is not that I can always stay there
with fax waiting for a bug because
it would be a stupid thing to deserve
really this second place because it is
really a beautiful game and who doesn't
has ever played there must buy
certainly the whole complete series
because I made the mistake of
start with the three and therefore not having
taken the previous chapters is not
that he understood that much
at the beginning, however, I will also buy chapters
previous and I 'll see what I 'll see
I got lost in this last chapter
of the previous ones and to the position
number 1 as a title that does not exist
you would never expect we have a game that is
old looks pretty lousy
but this is not at least for me too
full of bugs and glitches and various crap one
horrible graphics we're talking about what
ben payer masquerade bloodlines this
lovisi game I saw him real faces hello
I saw it some time ago on steam and I thought
a gbr game with werewolves vampires
bullshit different bullshit will be worth it
if indeed after having tried it and also
great not having of course
played a lot because I'm still there
to try it a little bit to see what
hides this title from me
absolutely tell you who does not have it
if he absolutely must or buy or
download somehow because it is
really a fun thing also
so guys this was mine
personal top five of the five best
gdr games if you know any better
or you have your own too
opinion regarding these games
write it in the comments because to me
would really really like to know
so for now it's all a teo greeting
goodbye to the next to fail that the
I'll record right now why I have to
force to say goodbye and bye bye